doc: document watch option for node:test run() (#48256)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

    **Default** matching files from [test runner execution model][].
  * `inspectPort` {number|Function} Sets inspector port of test child process.
    This can be a number, or a function that takes no arguments and returns a
    number. If a nullish value is provided, each process gets its own port,
    incremented from the primary's `process.debugPort`.
    **Default:** `undefined`.
  * `setup` {Function} A function that accepts the `TestsStream` instance
    and can be used to setup listeners before any tests are run.
    **Default:** `undefined`.
  * `signal` {AbortSignal} Allows aborting an in-progress test execution.
  * `testNamePatterns` {string|RegExp|Array} A String, RegExp or a RegExp Array,
    that can be used to only run tests whose name matches the provided pattern.
    Test name patterns are interpreted as JavaScript regular expressions.
    For each test that is executed, any corresponding test hooks, such as
    `beforeEach()`, are also run.
    **Default:** `undefined`.
  * `timeout` {number} A number of milliseconds the test execution will
    fail after.
    If unspecified, subtests inherit this value from their parent.
    **Default:** `Infinity`.

>   * `watch` {boolean} Weather to run in watch mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `watch` {boolean} Whether to run in watch mode or not. **Default:** `false`.
```
